csv object extractor service: takes a multiline CSV string and converts it into a list of objects (use jQuery.CSV)
field list extractor service: takes a list of objects and gathers all unique field names
field list comparator service: takes two field lists and provides an difference object containing three lists: "common", "only1", "only2"
field remover service: accepts a list of objects and list of fields to remove, and removes those fields from all objects in the list
appender service: takes a target data list, a new list, and appends them together.
file drop zone directive: grab dropped file and save it into a specified scope variable
ng-grid directive: free
grid controller: initialize the grid, link it to the database controller. Receive events with new data, and call the appender service
diff dialog controller: receive events about new additions and differences. Fire up a dialog that allows user input. Accept inputs and re-emit the command.
message controller: receive emitted events and rebroadcast them as appropriate.


FIND OUT what happens with ng-grid if fields are missing. Are null placeholders required?


a drag-to spot allowing me to upload a CSV file (with headers) 
  that takes me instantly to a webpage view of the data
    in an Excel-like editable, sortable format

    with a (randomly generated) URL that can be accessed from any browser

    with a drag-to spot to add more data
      that warns me if the headers are different,
        with OK and Cancel buttons
        and explains which headers will be added, and which will be left blank
      and accepts multiple files at once

    with drag-sortable column headers
      such that the sort ordering persists across sessions

    with a detail view section
      on the side for wide displays
      that replaces the index for narrow/mobile displays

    with a link to a map view (Google? Bing? OpenLayers?)
      enabled when exactly one lat/lon pair is detected via combination of headers and data matching patterns
      enabled when

  that accepts tab-delimited text files
  that accepts Excel files
  that accepts Numbers files
  that accepts OpenOffice files




